Hi, my name is Lynne Hendrick.
I am a German teacher at the secondary level. I teach German levels 1 through 5,
and I have enjoyed using Flangoo this year because it's given my students
an opportunity to read independently; something of their choice.
It's a reliable, dependable website. It doesn't fail on us. It's not difficult to navigate,
and the students really seem to like all of the features, the read aloud, the colorful nature if it. All of that.
I like that I can see what the kids have been reading, and how long they've been reading,
and I really like that I don't have to troubleshoot every ten minutes.
So, I highly recommend Flangoo. I can't wait to see how much more they add in.
There's so much more that they could put in, so it will be exciting to see how it develops in the future.
Auf Wiedersehen. Chuse. Danke schön Flangoo.